README.md, before:

# Forum-bootcampFinalProyect
Basic Forum, FrontEnd made in ReactJs and BackEnd in NodeJs using MongoDB

Although the project has been delivered, there are plans to improve it.

How to see it?

    1. Download/clone the repository.
    
    2. Open the terminal and navigate to the repository location, 
    enter the Back folder.
    
    3. Run "npm install" in your terminal.
    
    4. Run "npm run dev" in your terminal.

    5. Open another terminal and navigate to the repository location, 
    enter the Front folder.

    6. Run "npm install" in your terminal.
    
    7. Run "npm run dev" in your terminal 
    (If you run the FrontEnd without the BackEnd running, the application will not work).

Project Info:

    - The application functions as a basic forum social network.
    You can create an account, log in, create posts, and view those of other users.
    
    - Despite the project has been delivered and evaluated by the bootcamp, 
    I will continue to develop it and implement improvements.

Changelog:

    1.1.0 Version:
        -Minor Login and SignUp Fixes.

My Links:

    -Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomascontreras1307/
    -Github: https://github.com/TomasConari
    -Email: tomasconari@gmail.com

Commit message:

1.1.0 Version: Improved UI and cleaner Code focused on Login and SignUp

README.md, after:

# Forum-bootcampFinalProyect
Basic Forum, FrontEnd made in ReactJs and BackEnd in NodeJs using MongoDB

Although the project has been delivered, there are plans to improve it.

How to see it?

    1. Download/clone the repository.
    
    2. Open the terminal and navigate to the repository location, 
    enter the Back folder.
    
    3. Run "npm install" in your terminal.
    
    4. Run "npm run dev" in your terminal.

    5. Open another terminal and navigate to the repository location, 
    enter the Front folder.

    6. Run "npm install" in your terminal.
    
    7. Run "npm run dev" in your terminal 
    (If you run the FrontEnd without the BackEnd running, the application will not work).

Project Info:

    - The application functions as a basic forum social network.
    You can create an account, log in, create posts, and view those of other users.
    
    - Despite the project has been delivered and evaluated by the bootcamp, 
    I will continue to develop it and implement improvements.

Changelog:

    1.1.0 Version:
        -Minor Login and SignUp Functionality Fixes.
        -Updated Login UI.
        -Login and Signup Are Now Individual Components.

My Links:

    -Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tomascontreras1307/
    -Github: https://github.com/TomasConari
    -Email: tomasconari@gmail.com
